version-bump-for-release-0.13.4 (#1909)
Azure/autorest.typescript: packages/typespec-ts/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.13.4 (2023-06-30)

- [Feature] Ignore client.tsp in RLC generation. Please refer to pr [#1896](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/1896).
- [Feature] Add collection format helper for number array. Please refer to pr [#1907](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/1907).

> - [Bugfix] Fix recursive reference during deserialization in Modular generation. Please refer to pr [#1904](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/1904).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bugfix] Fix core error model generation failure during deserialization in Modular generation. Please refer to pr [#1904](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/1904).
```
